in this file I will go over the basics of the inventory system.

BackPackSkin: Here you place your custom GUI skin for the inventory system.

Drop Location: This is the location where your items will be dropped.


-Inventory-

	Inventory Key: The key pressed to open up the inventory.

	Organize Key: The key pressed to organize the items in the backpack.

	Icon Size: The size of all slots in the system.

	Selected Texture: The indicator to show you which slot on the hot bar is active.

	Highlighted Texture: This is the Texture that will show up when selecting a slot in the inventory.

	-Backpack-

		Max Width: How many slots across in the backpack.

		Backpack_Backdrop: The texture placed behind the backpack.

		Slot: here you set up the total number of slots in the backpack, 
			here you can also pre-place items in the backpack
	-Hotbar-

		Hotbar_Static: If true makes it so the player can not drag the window around.

		Hotbar_Offset: here you can set an offset to the current position of the hotbar.

		Curr_Hotbar: This is the current items in the slots for the hotbar. 
			you can also set how many slots there are in the hotbar here.

		Hotbar_Textures(keep this at size 9): Here you can put the textures you want to 
			show up over each slot in the hotbar.

-Armour-
	Include Armour: if true will allow you to use the armour window in game.	

	Armour Static: if true does not allow you to drag the armour window around.
	
	Armour Offset: here you can set the offset of the current position of the armour.

	Curr_Armour: the current items in each slot in the armour

	Armour Textures(keep this at size 3): here you put the textures you want to put over
		the armour slots.
	

-Stats-
	Include Stats: if true will allow you to use the stats in game.
	
	Stats Position: Here you set up the position of the stats bar.
		(TL):Top Left
		(TR):Top Right
		(BL):Bottom Left
		(BR):Bottom Right

	-Spawn Information-
		
		Respawn where placed: if true will place you back to where you started when you die.
		
		Remove items on death: if true will delete all items in your inventory when you die.
		
		Drop all items on death: if true will remove items from your inventory and drop them on the floor
			when you die.

		spawn point: if respawn where placed is false, you can manually set the spawn location.
		
	-Images-

		Health bar: here you place the texture for the health bar

		Thirst bar: here you place the texture for the thirst bar

		Hunger bar: here you place the texture for the hunger bar

		Stat back drop: here you place the texture for the back drop for all stat bars.

	Auto deplete: if true will decrease your hunger,food,and water every deplete time.
	
	Deplete time: if auto depelte is true this is how long it takes to decrement the hunger, thirst, and health.
	
	stats labes: if true will show the number of points in each bar.

	health: the starting health.
	
	healthDeacay: how much the health decreases every deplete time
		(only decreases when hunger and/or thirst is 0)
	
	hunger: the starting hunger.
	
	hungerDeacay: how much the hunger decreases every deplete time.

	thirst: the starting thirst.
	
	thirstDeacay: how much the thirst decreases every deplete time.
				

-Items-
	
	Pick up key: The key you press to pick up objects.
	
	items: the current items set up.	



